README.md, before:

# Awesome Computer Use Agents

This is a collection of resources for computer-use agents, including videos, blogs, papers, and projects. The repository is currently under construction and will be continuously updated. We welcome contributions and feedback as we continue expanding this collection!

## Table of Contents

- [Awesome Computer Use Agents](#awesome-computer-use-agents)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Videos](#videos)
  - [Blogs](#blogs)
  - [Papers](#papers)
    - [Modeling/Framework](#modelingframework)
    - [Grounding](#grounding)
    - [Agent Data](#agent-data)
    - [Evaluation](#evaluation)
    - [Safety](#safety)
  - [Projects](#projects)

## Videos
- [Claude | Computer use for automating operations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODaHJzOyVCQ)
- [Claude | Computer use for coding](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vH2f7cjXjKI)
- [Claude | Computer use for orchestrating tasks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqx18KgIzAE)

## Blogs
- [Bill Gates | AI is about to completely change how you use computers](https://www.gatesnotes.com/AI-agents)
- [Introducing computer use, a new Claude 3.5 Sonnet, and Claude 3.5 Haiku](https://www.anthropic.com/news/3-5-models-and-computer-use)
  - [Model Card PDF](https://assets.anthropic.com/m/1cd9d098ac3e6467/original/Claude-3-Model-Card-October-Addendum.pdf)
  - [Blog](https://www.anthropic.com/news/developing-computer-use)
  - [GitHub](https://github.com/anthropics/anthropic-quickstarts/tree/main/computer-use-demo)
  - [Doc](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/computer-use)
- [Simon Willison | Initial explorations of Anthropic’s new Computer Use capability](https://simonwillison.net/2024/Oct/22/computer-use/)
- [Ethan Mollick | When you give a Claude a mouse](https://www.oneusefulthing.org/p/when-you-give-a-claude-a-mouse)
- [Nathan Lambert | Claude's agentic future and the current state of the frontier models](https://www.interconnects.ai/p/claudes-agency)
- [Computer Use by Anthropic: A 5-Minute Setup Guide and Demo](https://glama.ai/blog/2024-10-22-automate-computer-using-claude)
- [Automating macOS using Claude Computer Use](https://glama.ai/blog/2024-10-23-automating-macos-using-claude)
- [Mind-Blowing Experience with Claude Computer Use](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1ga3uqn/mindblowing_experience_with_claude_computer_use/)
- [Instant Claude Computer Use Demo](https://labex.io/tutorials/docker-instant-claude-computer-use-demo-414899)
- [Notes on Anthropic’s Computer Use Ability](https://composio.dev/blog/claude-computer-use/)
- [Anthropic Computer Use: Automate Your Desktop With Claude 3.5](https://www.datacamp.com/blog/what-is-anthropic-computer-use)

## Papers
Many papers here are organized and identified using a visualization tool developed by [ranpox/openreview-visualization](https://github.com/ranpox/openreview-visualization).

### Modeling/Framework
- [Aguvis: Unified Pure Vision Agents for Autonomous GUI Interaction](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.04454)
- [Agent Workflow Memory](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.07429)
- [Guiding VLM Agents with Process Rewards at Inference Time for GUI Navigation](https://openreview.net/forum?id=jR6YMxVG9i)
- [SpiritSight Agent: Advanced GUI Agent with One Look](https://openreview.net/forum?id=jY2ow7jRdZ)
- [Agent S: An Open Agentic Framework that Uses Computers Like a Human](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.08164)
- [Agent Q: Advanced Reasoning and Learning for Autonomous AI Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.07199)
- [OSCAR: Operating System Control via State-Aware Reasoning and Re-Planning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.18963)
- [AgentStore: Scalable Integration of Heterogeneous Agents As Specialized Generalist Computer Assistant](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.18603)
- [Cradle: Empowering Foundation Agents towards General Computer Control](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.03186)
- [Web Agents with World Models: Learning and Leveraging Environment Dynamics in Web Navigation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.13232)
- [Simulate Before Act: Model-Based Planning for Web Agents](https://openreview.net/forum?id=JDa5RiTIC7)
- [Proposer-Agent-Evaluator (PAE): Autonomous Skill Discovery For Foundation Model Internet Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.13194)
- [NNetscape Navigator: Complex Demonstrations for Web Agents Without a Demonstrator](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.02907)
- [Learning to Contextualize Web Pages for Enhanced Decision Making by LLM Agents](https://openreview.net/forum?id=3Gzz7ZQLiz)
- [AgentOccam: A Simple Yet Strong Baseline for LLM-Based Web Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.13825)
- [Digi-Q: Transforming VLMs to Device-Control Agents via Value-Based Offline RL](https://openreview.net/forum?id=CjfQssZtAb)
- [The Impact of Element Ordering on LM Agent Performance](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.12089)
- [Agent-E: From Autonomous Web Navigation to Foundational Design Principles in Agentic Systems](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.13032)
- [Tree Search for Language Model Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.01476)
- [NeurIPS 2024] [ICAL: Continual Learning of Multimodal Agents by Transforming Trajectories into Actionable Insights](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.14596)
- [LLM Agents Workshop@ICLR 2024] [OS-Copilot: Towards Generalist Computer Agents with Self-Improvement](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.07456)

### Grounding
- [Navigating the Digital World as Humans Do: Universal Visual Grounding for GUI Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.05243)
- [OS-ATLAS: Foundation Action Model for Generalist GUI Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.23218)
- [UI-Pro: A Hidden Recipe for Building Vision-Language Models for GUI Grounding](https://openreview.net/forum?id=5wmAfwDBoi)
- [Grounding Multimodal Large Language Model in GUI World](https://openreview.net/forum?id=M9iky9Ruhx)
- [OmniParser for Pure Vision Based GUI Agent](https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.00203)
- [Ferret-UI 2: Mastering Universal User Interface Understanding Across Platforms](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.18967)
- [ACL 2024] [SeeClick: Harnessing GUI Grounding for Advanced Visual GUI Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.10935)

### Agent Data
- [Explorer: Scaling Exploration-driven Web Trajectory Synthesis for Multimodal Web Agents](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2502.11357)
- [AgentTrek: Agent Trajectory Synthesis via Guiding Replay with Web Tutorials](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.09605)
- [OS-Genesis: Automating GUI Agent Trajectory Construction via Reverse Task Synthesis](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.19723)
- [AutoGUI: Scaling GUI Grounding with Automatic Functionality Annotations from LLMs](https://openreview.net/forum?id=wl4c9jvcyY)
- [GUI-World: A GUI-oriented Dataset for Multimodal LLM-based Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.10819)
- [NeurIPS 2024] [Synatra: Turning Indirect Knowledge into Direct Demonstrations for Digital Agents at Scale](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.15637)

### Evaluation
- [AndroidWorld: A Dynamic Benchmarking Environment for Autonomous Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.14573)
- [CRAB: Cross-environment Agent Benchmark for Multimodal Language Model Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.01511)
- [Windows Agent Arena: Evaluating Multi-Modal OS Agents at Scale](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.08264)
- [AgentStudio: A Toolkit for Building General Virtual Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.17918)
- [MobileAgentBench: An Efficient and User-Friendly Benchmark for Mobile LLM Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.08184)
- [NeurIPS 2024] [Spider2-V: How Far Are Multimodal Agents From Automating Data Science and Engineering Workflows?](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.10956)
- [NeurIPS 2024] [OSWorld: Benchmarking Multimodal Agents for Open-Ended Tasks in Real Computer Environments](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.07972)

### Safety
- [Attacking Vision-Language Computer Agents via Pop-ups](https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.02391)
- [GuardAgent: Safeguard LLM Agent by a Guard Agent via Knowledge-Enabled Reasoning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.09187)
- [EIA: Environmental Injection Attack on Generalist Web Agents for Privacy Leakage](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.11295)
- [Adversarial Attacks on Multimodal Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.12814)

## Projects
- [OpenInterpreter](https://github.com/OpenInterpreter/open-interpreter)
- [OpenAdapt](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt)
- [OpenInterface](https://github.com/AmberSahdev/Open-Interface/)
- [E2B Desktop Sandbox](https://github.com/e2b-dev/desktop)
- [Claude Computer Use Demo for MacOS](https://github.com/PallavAg/claude-computer-use-macos)
- [Computer Use - OOTB](https://github.com/showlab/computer_use_ootb)
- [claude-minecraft-use](https://github.com/ObservedObserver/claude-minecraft-use)
- [Grunty](https://github.com/suitedaces/computer-agent)
- [Self-Operating Computer Framework](https://github.com/OthersideAI/self-operating-computer)
- [Anthropic Computer Use (for Mac)](https://github.com/deedy/mac_computer_use)
- [Cybergod](https://github.com/james4ever0/agi_computer_control)

Commit message:

Added Survey section and supplemented additional resources across other sections

README.md, after:

# Awesome Computer Use Agents

This is a collection of resources for computer-use agents, including videos, blogs, papers, and projects. The repository is currently under construction and will be continuously updated. We welcome contributions and feedback as we continue expanding this collection!

## Table of Contents

- [Awesome Computer Use Agents](#awesome-computer-use-agents)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Videos](#videos)
  - [Blogs](#blogs)
  - [Papers](#papers)
    - [Modeling/Framework](#modelingframework)
    - [Grounding](#grounding)
    - [Agent Data](#agent-data)
    - [Evaluation](#evaluation)
    - [Safety](#safety)
  - [Projects](#projects)

## Videos
- [Claude | Computer use for automating operations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODaHJzOyVCQ)
- [Claude | Computer use for coding](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vH2f7cjXjKI)
- [Claude | Computer use for orchestrating tasks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqx18KgIzAE)

## Blogs
- [Bill Gates | AI is about to completely change how you use computers](https://www.gatesnotes.com/AI-agents)
- [Introducing computer use, a new Claude 3.5 Sonnet, and Claude 3.5 Haiku](https://www.anthropic.com/news/3-5-models-and-computer-use)
  - [Model Card PDF](https://assets.anthropic.com/m/1cd9d098ac3e6467/original/Claude-3-Model-Card-October-Addendum.pdf)
  - [Blog](https://www.anthropic.com/news/developing-computer-use)
  - [GitHub](https://github.com/anthropics/anthropic-quickstarts/tree/main/computer-use-demo)
  - [Doc](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/computer-use)
- [Simon Willison | Initial explorations of Anthropic’s new Computer Use capability](https://simonwillison.net/2024/Oct/22/computer-use/)
- [Ethan Mollick | When you give a Claude a mouse](https://www.oneusefulthing.org/p/when-you-give-a-claude-a-mouse)
- [Nathan Lambert | Claude's agentic future and the current state of the frontier models](https://www.interconnects.ai/p/claudes-agency)
- [Computer Use by Anthropic: A 5-Minute Setup Guide and Demo](https://glama.ai/blog/2024-10-22-automate-computer-using-claude)
- [Automating macOS using Claude Computer Use](https://glama.ai/blog/2024-10-23-automating-macos-using-claude)
- [Mind-Blowing Experience with Claude Computer Use](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1ga3uqn/mindblowing_experience_with_claude_computer_use/)
- [Instant Claude Computer Use Demo](https://labex.io/tutorials/docker-instant-claude-computer-use-demo-414899)
- [Notes on Anthropic’s Computer Use Ability](https://composio.dev/blog/claude-computer-use/)
- [Anthropic Computer Use: Automate Your Desktop With Claude 3.5](https://www.datacamp.com/blog/what-is-anthropic-computer-use)

## Papers
Many papers here are organized and identified using a visualization tool developed by [ranpox/openreview-visualization](https://github.com/ranpox/openreview-visualization).

### Survey
- [AI Agents for Computer Use: A Review of Instruction-based Computer Control, GUI Automation, and Operator Assistants](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.16150)
- [OS Agents: A Survey on MLLM-based Agents for General Computing Devices Use](https://openreview.net/pdf/ed2f5ee6b84c3b118cb953b6e750486dbd700419.pdf)

### Modeling/Framework
- [UI-TARS: Pioneering Automated GUI Interaction with Native Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.12326)
- [Learn-by-interact: A Data-Centric Framework for Self-Adaptive Agents in Realistic Environments](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.10893)
- [PC Agent: While You Sleep, AI Works - A Cognitive Journey into Digital World](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.17589)
- [Aguvis: Unified Pure Vision Agents for Autonomous GUI Interaction](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.04454)
- [Agent Workflow Memory](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.07429)
- [Guiding VLM Agents with Process Rewards at Inference Time for GUI Navigation](https://openreview.net/forum?id=jR6YMxVG9i)
- [SpiritSight Agent: Advanced GUI Agent with One Look](https://openreview.net/forum?id=jY2ow7jRdZ)
- [Agent S: An Open Agentic Framework that Uses Computers Like a Human](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.08164)
- [Agent Q: Advanced Reasoning and Learning for Autonomous AI Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.07199)
- [OSCAR: Operating System Control via State-Aware Reasoning and Re-Planning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.18963)
- [AgentStore: Scalable Integration of Heterogeneous Agents As Specialized Generalist Computer Assistant](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.18603)
- [Cradle: Empowering Foundation Agents towards General Computer Control](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.03186)
- [Web Agents with World Models: Learning and Leveraging Environment Dynamics in Web Navigation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.13232)
- [Simulate Before Act: Model-Based Planning for Web Agents](https://openreview.net/forum?id=JDa5RiTIC7)
- [Proposer-Agent-Evaluator (PAE): Autonomous Skill Discovery For Foundation Model Internet Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.13194)
- [NNetscape Navigator: Complex Demonstrations for Web Agents Without a Demonstrator](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.02907)
- [Learning to Contextualize Web Pages for Enhanced Decision Making by LLM Agents](https://openreview.net/forum?id=3Gzz7ZQLiz)
- [AgentOccam: A Simple Yet Strong Baseline for LLM-Based Web Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.13825)
- [Digi-Q: Transforming VLMs to Device-Control Agents via Value-Based Offline RL](https://openreview.net/forum?id=CjfQssZtAb)
- [The Impact of Element Ordering on LM Agent Performance](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.12089)
- [Agent-E: From Autonomous Web Navigation to Foundational Design Principles in Agentic Systems](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.13032)
- [Tree Search for Language Model Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.01476)
- [NeurIPS 2024] [ICAL: Continual Learning of Multimodal Agents by Transforming Trajectories into Actionable Insights](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.14596)
- [LLM Agents Workshop@ICLR 2024] [OS-Copilot: Towards Generalist Computer Agents with Self-Improvement](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.07456)

### Grounding
- [Navigating the Digital World as Humans Do: Universal Visual Grounding for GUI Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.05243)
- [OS-ATLAS: Foundation Action Model for Generalist GUI Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.23218)
- [UI-Pro: A Hidden Recipe for Building Vision-Language Models for GUI Grounding](https://openreview.net/forum?id=5wmAfwDBoi)
- [Grounding Multimodal Large Language Model in GUI World](https://openreview.net/forum?id=M9iky9Ruhx)
- [OmniParser for Pure Vision Based GUI Agent](https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.00203)
- [Ferret-UI 2: Mastering Universal User Interface Understanding Across Platforms](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.18967)
- [ACL 2024] [SeeClick: Harnessing GUI Grounding for Advanced Visual GUI Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.10935)

### Agent Data
- [AndroidLab: Training and Systematic Benchmarking of Android Autonomous Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.24024)
- [Explorer: Scaling Exploration-driven Web Trajectory Synthesis for Multimodal Web Agents](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2502.11357)
- [AgentTrek: Agent Trajectory Synthesis via Guiding Replay with Web Tutorials](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.09605)
- [OS-Genesis: Automating GUI Agent Trajectory Construction via Reverse Task Synthesis](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.19723)
- [AutoGUI: Scaling GUI Grounding with Automatic Functionality Annotations from LLMs](https://openreview.net/forum?id=wl4c9jvcyY)
- [GUI-World: A GUI-oriented Dataset for Multimodal LLM-based Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.10819)
- [NeurIPS 2024] [Synatra: Turning Indirect Knowledge into Direct Demonstrations for Digital Agents at Scale](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.15637)

### Evaluation
- [AndroidWorld: A Dynamic Benchmarking Environment for Autonomous Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.14573)
- [CRAB: Cross-environment Agent Benchmark for Multimodal Language Model Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.01511)
- [Windows Agent Arena: Evaluating Multi-Modal OS Agents at Scale](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.08264)
- [AgentStudio: A Toolkit for Building General Virtual Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.17918)
- [MobileAgentBench: An Efficient and User-Friendly Benchmark for Mobile LLM Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.08184)
- [NeurIPS 2024] [Spider2-V: How Far Are Multimodal Agents From Automating Data Science and Engineering Workflows?](https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.10956)
- [NeurIPS 2024] [OSWorld: Benchmarking Multimodal Agents for Open-Ended Tasks in Real Computer Environments](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.07972)

### Safety
- [MobileSafetyBench: Evaluating Safety of Autonomous Agents in Mobile Device Control](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.17520)
- [Attacking Vision-Language Computer Agents via Pop-ups](https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.02391)
- [GuardAgent: Safeguard LLM Agent by a Guard Agent via Knowledge-Enabled Reasoning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.09187)
- [EIA: Environmental Injection Attack on Generalist Web Agents for Privacy Leakage](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.11295)
- [Adversarial Attacks on Multimodal Agents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.12814)

## Projects
- [OpenInterpreter](https://github.com/OpenInterpreter/open-interpreter)
- [OpenAdapt](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt)
- [OpenInterface](https://github.com/AmberSahdev/Open-Interface/)
- [E2B Desktop Sandbox](https://github.com/e2b-dev/desktop)
- [Claude Computer Use Demo for MacOS](https://github.com/PallavAg/claude-computer-use-macos)
- [Computer Use - OOTB](https://github.com/showlab/computer_use_ootb)
- [claude-minecraft-use](https://github.com/ObservedObserver/claude-minecraft-use)
- [Grunty](https://github.com/suitedaces/computer-agent)
- [Self-Operating Computer Framework](https://github.com/OthersideAI/self-operating-computer)
- [Anthropic Computer Use (for Mac)](https://github.com/deedy/mac_computer_use)
- [Cybergod](https://github.com/james4ever0/agi_computer_control)
